STAC clarifications (#291)
Open-EO/openeo-api: CHANGELOG.md

- Clarified that back-ends not supporting pagination will return all resources.
- Clarified how `from_parameter` is resolved in case no value is given.
- Clarified `GET .../logs` endpoint behaviour.
- Clarify difference between STAC specification and STAC API.

> - Clarify that a copy of the STAC Item should be part of the assets in a batch job download.

Reviewer: bit of nitpicking: I read the "should" as "MUST", while the spec diff below states "RECOMMENDED".
Maybe change to something like

> Added recommendation to include a link to the STAC Item in assets of batch job download

Author: should is never a must, but will change:

```suggestion
- Clarify that a copy of the STAC Item is recommended to be part of the assets in a batch job download.
```

Reviewer: yes I know, it's just that kind of terminology is less strictly or explicitly defined in the context of a CHANGELOG listing
